Added Pacific Research Platform (PRP) managed images registry to community (#1302)
jupyter/docker-stacks: docs/using/selecting.md

  **nvidia/cuda** base image, the well-maintained **docker-stacks** that is integrated as submodule
  and GPU-able libraries like **Tensorflow**, **Keras** and **PyTorch** on top of it.

> - [PRP GPU Jupyter repo](https://gitlab.nautilus.optiputer.net/prp/jupyter-stack/-/tree/prp) and [Registry](https://gitlab.nautilus.optiputer.net/prp/jupyter-stack/container_registry): PRP (Pacific Research Platform) maintained registry for jupyter stack based on NVIDIA CUDA-enabled image. Added the PRP image with Pytorch and some other python packages, and GUI Desktop notebook based on https://github.com/yuvipanda/jupyter-desktop-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PRP GPU Jupyter repo](https://gitlab.nautilus.optiputer.net/prp/jupyter-stack/-/tree/prp) and [Registry](https://gitlab.nautilus.optiputer.net/prp/jupyter-stack/container_registry): PRP (Pacific Research Platform) maintained registry for jupyter stack based on NVIDIA CUDA-enabled image. Added the PRP image with Pytorch and some other python packages, and GUI Desktop notebook based on https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyter-remote-desktop-proxy.
```

The referenced repository relocated to the JupyterHub organization, it makes sense to reference the new location I think.
